Jiali Shi  jobappforlilly@gmail.com  
 shi524@ purdue.edu  
(640) 242 -5252  
Plainsboro, NJ, 08536, USA  
Motivated Computer Science and Data Science undergraduate seeking a role as a Machine Learning Engineer 
or Data Analyst to drive innovation and efficiency in a dynamic tech environment.  I'm willing to work both in 
startups and corporations.  
Projects  
Large Language Models with RAG                                                                                            Aug 2024 - Present   
1. Conducting research on Retrieval -Augmented Generation (RAG) and large language models.  
2. Building a chatbot using pre -trained large language models to retrieve  both user-provided personal info  
and general information from the Internet.  
3. Developing and implementing retrieval and generation algorithms to enhance chatbot performance.   
Drone with YOLO  Aug 2023 - Dec 2023  
1. Collaborated with a team to enhance automotive performance using data collected from aerial drones.  
2. Trained and fine -tuned the YOLO v8 (You Only Look Once) object detection model with PyTorch  
3. Analyzed real -time data to optimize object detection and improve system accuracy.  
Core Skills  
Java, Python, C, SQL, Algorithm Analysis and Design, Database Management, Object -oriented Programming,  
Machine Learning, Neural Network training, Entrepreneurial thinking, leadership, collaboration, Natural 
Language Processing  
Education  
Purdue University -Main  Campus                     August  2021   May 2025 
1. Bachelor of Science  in Computer Science     
2.  
3. Bachelor of Science  in Data Science   
4. Bachelor of Arts  in Philosophy  
5. Entrepreneur  Certificate  
Spoken Languages : English  (Fully Proficient ), Chinese  (Fluent)  
Related Co urse work :  
Elem Linear Algebra    Prob Solving & O -O Programming   Programming In C  
Computer Architecture    Web Info Search & Management   Intro Relational Db Sy  
Systems Programming    Data Mining & Machine Learning   Intro Analysis Algor  
Natural Language Processing   Statistics For Data Science    Statistical Theory  
Large Scale Data Analytics   Intro Time Series  Interes ts: Watchin g Formula One (Ferr ari Fan ), cooking , listening to music, playing with AI models 
